Update configure-usage-and-health-data-collection.md (#1047)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointServer/administration/configure-usage-and-health-data-collection.md

<a name="begin"> </a>

> [!NOTE]

> >  Administrators typically use the SharePoint Central Administration website and the SharePoint Management Shell to manage deployments. For information about accessibility for administrators, see [Accessibility for SharePoint 2013](/SharePoint/accessibility-guidelines). >  Because SharePoint Server runs as websites in Internet Information Services (IIS), administrators and users depend on the accessibility features that browsers provide. SharePoint Server supports the accessibility features of supported browsers. For more information, see the following resources: > [Plan browser support in SharePoint Server 2016](../install/browser-support-planning-0.md)> [Accessibility features in SharePoint](https://office.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint-foundation-help/accessibility-features-HA010369400.aspx)> [Keyboard shortcuts](https://office.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint-server-help/keyboard-shortcuts-HA010369395.aspx)> [Touch](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/wintouch/windows-touch-gestures-overview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  Administrators typically use the SharePoint Central Administration website and the SharePoint Management Shell to manage deployments. For information about accessibility for administrators, see [Accessibility guidelines in SharePoint Server 2016](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/accessibility-guidelines). >  Because SharePoint Server runs as websites in Internet Information Services (IIS), administrators and users depend on the accessibility features that browsers provide. SharePoint Server supports the accessibility features of supported browsers. For more information, see the following resources: > [Plan browser support in SharePoint Servers 2016 and 2019](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/install/browser-support-planning-0)> [Accessibility features in SharePoint Online](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=246501)> [Keyboard shortcuts](https://office.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint-server-help/keyboard-shortcuts-HA010369395.aspx)> [Windows Touch Gestures Overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/wintouch/windows-touch-gestures-overview)
```

> >  Administrators typically use the SharePoint Central Administration website and the SharePoint Management Shell to manage deployments. For information about accessibility for administrators, see [Accessibility for SharePoint 2013](/SharePoint/accessibility-guidelines). >  Because SharePoint Server runs as websites in Internet Information Services (IIS), administrators and users depend on the accessibility features that browsers provide. SharePoint Server supports the accessibility features of supported browsers. For more information, see the following resources: > [Plan browser support in SharePoint Server 2016](../install/browser-support-planning-0.md)> [Accessibility features in SharePoint](https://office.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint-foundation-help/accessibility-features-HA010369400.aspx)> [Keyboard shortcuts](https://office.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint-server-help/keyboard-shortcuts-HA010369395.aspx)> [Touch](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/wintouch/windows-touch-gestures-overview)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>  Administrators typically use the SharePoint Central Administration website and the SharePoint Management Shell to manage deployments. For information about accessibility for administrators, see [Accessibility for SharePoint 2013](/SharePoint/accessibility-guidelines). >  Because SharePoint Server runs as websites in Internet Information Services (IIS), administrators and users depend on the accessibility features that browsers provide. SharePoint Server supports the accessibility features of supported browsers. For more information, see the following resources: > [Plan browser support in SharePoint Server 2016](../install/browser-support-planning-0.md)> [Accessibility features in SharePoint](https://office.microsoft.com/sharepoint-foundation-help/accessibility-features-HA010369400.aspx)> [Keyboard shortcuts](https://office.microsoft.com/sharepoint-server-help/keyboard-shortcuts-HA010369395.aspx)> [Touch](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/desktop/wintouch/windows-touch-gestures-overview)
```
